Introduce `--no-import-callback` CLI option (#14610)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * Commandline Interface: Add ``--no-import-callback`` option to disable the default file reader callback.

Reviewer: Just "import callback". That's what we call it in the docs. The `FileReader` is just an internal implementation detail. You could also just explain what the effect of the option is:

```suggestion
 * Commandline Interface: Add ``--no-import-callback`` option that prevents the compiler from loading source files not given explicitly on the CLI or in Standard JSON input.
```
